<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
    <title>Terms of Service</title>
</h:head>

    <ui:include src="/website/common/navbar.xhtml" />
<h:body>
    <h1>Terms of Service</h1>
    <p><strong>Effective Date:</strong> June 30, 2025</p>

    <h2>1. Acceptance</h2>
    <p>By using this website, you agree to these Terms and our Privacy Policy.</p>

    <h2>2. Eligibility</h2>
    <p>You must be 18+ or have legal authority to accept these Terms.</p>

    <h2>3. Services</h2>
    <p>Our application includes content pages, admin login, and optional user accounts.</p>

    <h2>4. User Accounts</h2>
    <ul>
        <li>Admins must register and keep login credentials secure.</li>
        <li>Impersonation or unauthorized access is prohibited.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>5. Acceptable Use</h2>
    <p>You agree not to misuse the website, access admin areas without rights, or cause harm to our systems.</p>

    <h2>6. Intellectual Property</h2>
    <p>All content belongs to [Your SaaS Company Name]. No copying without consent.</p>

    <h2>7. Feedback</h2>
    <p>We may display submitted feedback or testimonials publicly.</p>

    <h2>8. Limitation of Liability</h2>
    <p>We are not liable for indirect damages, service interruptions, or data loss.</p>

    <h2>9. Disclaimer</h2>
    <p>Our service is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind.</p>

    <h2>10. Termination</h2>
    <p>We may suspend your access for any breach of these Terms.</p>

    <h2>11. Governing Law</h2>
    <p>These Terms are governed by the laws of [Insert Country/State].</p>

    <h2>12. Changes</h2>
    <p>We may update these Terms and notify you by posting updates here.</p>

    <h2>Contact Us</h2>
    <p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>By visiting this page on our website: <a href="https://techequations.com/web/Contact-Us" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank">https://techequations.com/web/Contact-Us</a></li>

        <li><a href="https://techequations.com/web/Home"> Back to Home </a> </li>
    </ul>
</h:body>
</html>